
characters:

{
Betri Elliott:
: a kind large man who loves teaching. hes always jolly and smiling. imagine santa claus
backstory: teacher at Fai teaching computer science. he rose to his teacher job quickly since his iq is 160! he is only 23

age:23 (petri chose this)

appearance: a large sizely man with small amounts of beard. he spends most of his time teaching and sitting, so his appearance should reflect that

personality:jolly and lovely. like santa

likes and dislikes: likes: animals and overall good stuff. Dislikes: anything not good. 
}

{
Alice Grace:
:this character is a pretty basic "girl" visual novel character. the joke being that shes a guy. she is studying economics.
backstory: coming from a rich family, Alice likes crossdresses as a female, and pulls it off well! most people dont even realize thats she isnt a girl. 
:in her home she was constantly fighting for attention with her other sisters and this caused her  to develop a tsundere and aggressive personalety. 

age:20

appearance: At first glance you could dont determine that she is a guy. hes crosdressing in effective in deceving people. 
:she looks like a basic anime tsundere girl. im thinking some bright colored, long hair with some cute attachments. a basic school uniform. but she also has some more casual clothes. she alwasy wears skrits

personality: tsundere type character. her tsundere personality was caused by her up-bringing

likes and dislikes:likes: sweets and cute things. Dislikes: anything scary and bugs
}

{
Jeper Slim:
:a very small boy student, always wearing a hoodie and covering much of his body with clothes. joke being hes got the best sleeper build known to man. you just cant see it trhu his clothes. like jojo part 3 style characters. 
backstory: an avarage boy, nothing special. is studying IT

age: 18

appearance: a very slim and fragile boy, always wearing a hoodie. u know what jesper looks like but even more exreme. but when he takes off his shir he becomes like a jojo char. gigantic muscles and a refined chad face. + no one else seems to notice the change.

personality: shy and introverted but opens up more as you dat him. at the end when he becomes buff his personality changes and he becomes much more confident and "chad" like.

Likes and dislikes: likes: computers and tacobell food. dislikes: fighting games and any other food
}

{

MC:
:player chooses name.
backstory: transfer student from kajaani. hes not special in anyway but still somehow manages to rizz everybody up.
}

story: remember im still goign to write a complete version later. 
:the game takes place over 5 days (a full school week) during that time you will meet all the charcaters and have changes to romance them. you should be able to romance only 1 character per play trhu. 
:you walk into the school and meet betri (first conversation w,betri) after that you head into class. you either skip until the class is over or anwser some questions. then you meet Alice (first encaounter w,alice) after school you meet jeper(fisrt encounter w,jeper)
: you haed home.
:i imagine we have a system when not on school grounds where you could go buy gifts for the sims,  stuff like games or sweets. also add a vending machine somewhere.
:day 2: you head to school normal day. (i think adding some charcater events would be nice. lets say jeper lost his psvita or wsomething and you have to help him find it.) every day you get talk to all sims. you should also have a change to skip dialogue if that is wished for.
:day 3 normal day, but you get news that there will be a festival on day 5
:day 4 normal day but a major character event happens fo r the charcater you are romancing
:day 5 the day you will max out the sims level and win the game.
:all sims should have 3 interest levels and each level should have their own points. you get points by interacting with the sims and choosing favorable dialogue options. you could also get points by giving them gifts and helping them solve problems.
: each 5 day loop should take around 20 min, with reading counted for. 5 interaction for sims
each characters events and dialogues:


